add cozy game jam winners (#6631)
microsoft/pxt-arcade: docs/static/gamejam/jams/cozy/rules.md

## Cozy Jam Winners!

## First Place: Rhythm Code!
| |
| -- |
| [!["Rhythm Code!" game screenshot](https://cdn.makecode.com/api/40921-79622-15624-16091/thumb)](https://arcade.makecode.com/40921-79622-15624-16091) |
| &nbsp; |

> [Rhythm Code!](https://arcade.makecode.com/40921-79622-15624-16091) by **InvalidProject** features not just one, but THREE whole rhythm games to test your timing skills! Our judges loved the artwork, music, and rating system of this submission. Plus, rumor has it that each of these games is based on a different member of the MakeCode forums... Make sure you check out [this forum post](https://forum.makecode.com/t/my-game-jam-game-rhythm-code/32951) for more detailed instructions on how to play each of the games!

Reviewer: I know the fourth is just a combination of all the three others, but do we want to add a detail about that one, too?

## Second Place: The Forest Campfire
| |
| -- |
| [!["The Forest Campfire" game screenshot](https://cdn.makecode.com/api/50763-65106-55406-25942/thumb)](https://arcade.makecode.com/50763-65106-55406-25942) |
| &nbsp; |

> [The Forest Campfire](https://arcade.makecode.com/50763-65106-55406-25942) by **Freast & Toast** is a delightful game where you complete quests to help out a goofy cast of characters on a camping trip. Our judges were absolutely *floored* by the character art in this game and how polished all of the dialog looked. Not only that, but the writing left us grinning like maniacs through the whole thing! If you like this game, make sure to check out another of Freast's games: [One Night At Scary Gary's](https://arcade.makecode.com/S07056-15018-00192-01563) (which is decidedly less cozy but *is* mentioned in an easter egg of this game).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The Forest Campfire](https://arcade.makecode.com/50763-65106-55406-25942) by **Freast & Toast** is a delightful game where you complete quests to help out a goofy cast of characters on a camping trip. Our judges were absolutely *floored* by the character art in this game and how polished all of the dialog looked. Not only that, but the writing left us grinning ear to ear the whole game! If you like this game, make sure to check out another of Freast's games: [One Night At Scary Gary's](https://arcade.makecode.com/S07056-15018-00192-01563) (which is decidedly less cozy but *is* mentioned in an easter egg of this game).
```
